bpo-40222: "Zero cost" exception handling (#25729)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2021-04-30-15-48-36.bpo-40222.j3VxeX.rst

"Zero cost" exception handling.

* Uses a lookup table to determine how to handle exceptions
* Removes SETUP_FINALLY and POP_TOP block instructions, eliminating the runtime overhead of try statements.

> * Reduces the size of the fram object by about 60%

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Uses a lookup table to determine how to handle exceptions.
* Removes SETUP_FINALLY and POP_TOP block instructions, eliminating the runtime overhead of try statements.
* Reduces the size of the frame object by about 60%.
```

or 

```suggestion
* uses a lookup table to determine how to handle exceptions
* removes SETUP_FINALLY and POP_TOP block instructions, eliminating the runtime overhead of try statements
* reduces the size of the frame object by about 60%
```

> * Reduces the size of the fram object by about 60%

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Reduces the size of the frame object by about 60%
```
